### 1.2.6
- Added minimum and maximum player count settings to the possible group counts in `GroupsPerLevel.json`. With this you can make different configs for different player counts. If there are less players than the minimum or more than the maximum set for an entry then that entry can not be selected by the game when loading a level
- Updated Thunderstore description with info about the new features from 1.2.5 and this version

### 1.2.5
- Added new spawn group weight multipliers for each level type (museum, manor, arctic and wizard). The property looks like this: `"levelWeightMultipliers": {"Arctic": 1.0, "Manor": 1.0, "Museum": 1.0, "Wizard": 1.0}`. All three weights of a spawn group will be multiplied by the number corresponding to the current level type. Example use cases: If you set "Manor" to 0 for a group then the group will not be able to spawn in the headman manor. If you set it to 0.5 for museum then the group will be half as likely to spawn on museum compared to the other levels. I decided to do it this way instead of a simple black- or whitelist to allow for more fine-tuning
- New / modded levels will hopefully be added to this list automatically but we'll see once they work again
- Made the logs a bit prettier
- Made the GroupsPerLevel.json formatting a bit better

### 1.2.4
- Updated for 0.3
- Reminder: The new vanilla enemy groups can be found in the file "BepInEx\config\SpawnConfig\Defaults\SpawnGroups-Readonly.json" after launching the game once. You can also enable the setting "Re-add missing groups" to make the game automatically add the new groups to your custom config on startup
- Removed REPOLib dependency temporarily until it gets updated. This only affects modded enemy compatibility
- The log now shows how many total enemies were spawned
- Updated the Github wiki page with the new [enemy names](https://github.com/Index154/REPO_SpawnConfig/wiki/Vanilla-spawnObjects-(Enemy-Names))

### 1.2.3
- The mod no longer generates "Explained.json" files. All the necessary information will now be found on the [wiki](https://github.com/Index154/REPO_SpawnConfig/wiki) including changes and new additions! Also moved some stuff from the Thunderstore page to the wiki
- Added a new option `allowDuplicates` to all groups in SpawnGroups.json. You can prevent specific groups from spawning more than once per level by setting this value to `false`
- Added a fallback for cases when the mod fails to execute its setup for unknown reasons
- Fixed the mod not determining group weights for groups added by other mods correctly. Previously they were all set to a weight of 100 by default. From now on the weights will closely reflect the rarities configured by the developer of the corresponding mod
- I've realized that the vanilla rarity logic in the game makes even less sense than I first thought! The rare groups which I previously gave a weight of 1.5 are actually more common in vanilla than expected (at least across multiple runs) so I increased their default weights to 5 with this update
- Keep in mind that **none** of the enemy group weights in your config will be changed automatically so you'll have to take a look at the `SpawnGroups-Readonly.json` file generated by the mod after the update if you wish to adjust your custom settings accordingly
- Thunderstore readme, changelog and mod manifest are now also tracked on the GitHub page

### 1.2.1 / 1.2.2
- Fixed small mistake in the Thunderstore description where I copied some text and forgot to change it

## 1.2.0
- **You can now configure how many enemy groups of each tier will spawn on each level! Finally!** The relevant files for this are `GroupsPerLevel.json` and `GroupsPerLevel-Explained.json` which will be generated after launching the game once
- Also added a new global config setting `Group count multiplier`
- Updated the Thunderstore description to mention the new functionality and info about the new config files for it (also added a list of incompatible mods and changed a few minor things)
- alterAmount logic will __no longer__ make sure that there is at least one enemy left in a group
- The option `Re-add missing groups` is now disabled by default
- "Director" enemy objects will no longer show up in any of the logs
- Changed the names of the files in the defaults folder

### 1.1.4
- Fixed the mod for REPO v0.2.0
- Added REPOLib as a dependency and implemented a possible fix for custom enemies sometimes not being detected due to load order. Thanks to onecoolsnowman for the original implementation in his fork

### 1.1.3
- Hotfix for minLevel and maxLevel values getting reset on every game launch after the first one
- Expanded some explanations in the SpawnGroups-Explained.json file that is generated when you launch the game

### 1.1.2
- Tiny hotfix for random range max being inclusive now
- Removed link to python script from the description due to being outdated

### 1.1.1
- Fixed inaccurate / confusing levelsCompletedCondition logic. The values in the config now have new names and actually behave as you would expect them to behave (they were previously off-by-one). Your old values should be migrated automatically upon launching the game. They will not be changed. Still, **I recommend making a backup of your config** to be on the safe side. If some of your groups are intended to behave the same as in vanilla then I also suggest you compare the new min and max level conditions from your config to the ones in the SpawnGroups.json in the "Defaults" folder
- Fixed several incorrect default group weights: The vanilla tier 3 groups with multiple enemies in them (for example "Enemy Group - 4 Ceiling Eyes") are actually much rarer than the "regular" tier 3 single-monster groups in vanilla. I've adjusted the default weights for these groups to **1.5** (previously 100) to reflect the actual vanilla spawn chances. Yes, you read that right, they're about 67 times rarer. If you have an old config file containing these groups with their previous default weights of 100 then these will **NOT** automatically be adjusted! You have to change the weights manually if you want them to have their vanilla spawn chances! Launch the game once and then check the SpawnGroups.json in the "Defaults" folder for reference
- As a side-effect of the above change the difficulty weights for the groups are now floating point numbers so you can make your weights a bit more precise if you want

## 1.1.0
- Added new config "Repeat spawn weight multiplier" which reduces the chance of getting the same enemy group multiple times on one level. Default value is 0.5, meaning a group will become half as likely to be selected after having already been selected once
- Added new config "Ignore groups with invalid spawnObjects" - If true, groups containing any invalid enemy objects will be ignored completely and cannot spawn. If false, only the invalid objects will be ignored and the group can still spawn with its remaining enemies. Default value is true (same behavior as before)
- Updated the ThunderStore mod description with some new info

### 1.0.3
- Fixed alterAmountChance fields not being included in the config file

### 1.0.2
- Fixed alterAmountMax not being selectable by the randomization, whoops (off-by-one error)
- Prevented NullPointerExceptions for when there is no enemy group available for a difficulty tier at all
- Added Discord links to README

### 1.0.1
- Fixed description formatting

## 1.0.0
- First release!